Update contact info (#18)
ika-rwth-aachen/carlos: README.md

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> This repository is open-sourced and maintained by the [**Institute for Automotive Engineering (ika) at RWTH Aachen University**](https://www.ika.rwth-aachen.de/).  

> > We cover a wide variety of research topics within our [*Vehicle Intelligence & Automated Driving*](https://www.ika.rwth-aachen.de/en/competences/fields-of-research/vehicle-intelligence-automated-driving.html) domain.  

Author: ```suggestion
> **Simulation, Containerization and DevOps for Automated Driving** are some of many research topics within our [*Vehicle Intelligence & Automated Driving*](https://www.ika.rwth-aachen.de/en/competences/fields-of-research/vehicle-intelligence-automated-driving.html) domain.  
```
